Remove AbortError from the list of transient error codes (#801)
awslabs/smithy-typescript: .changeset/curvy-roses-walk.md

---
"@smithy/service-error-classification": patch
---

> removing "AbortError" from the list of transient(retryable) error codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove AbortError from the list of transient error codes
```
